Now we have a test method that checks if the CRE that user object contains correct is a first name.
But we also need to verify that this user object also contains correct last name and email address.
So let it be a practice exercise, follow the test, even development, and verify that the return to
the object also contains correct class name and correct email address.
I would not make the create user method return user object that contains password because password is
considered sensitive information and we usually do not return password back.
I will also pause recording and I will add two more assertions to this same test method and this will
be an assertion to check that the return to the object contains correct last name, and in other assertion
to check that the returned user object contains correct email address and in the following lesson we
will review the result.